<!--
Copyright (c) 2023 Eikloof
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause-Patent
-->
## Chapter 1

### Wisdom 1

> The poet in winter seclusion revels in the beauty of a sudden snowstorm. He does not use the snow and the unpredictability of the weather to pontificate on the evergreen meadows of heaven. (Manu Bazzano, *Zen Poems* [London: MQ Publications, 2002], 16)

### Wisdom 2

> By renouncing luxury, we may detect the pleasures of the plain and simple and circumvent the tyranny of choice. (Rolf Reber, *Critical Feeling: How to Use Feelings Strategically* [Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2016], 109)

### Wisdom 3

> However clever a design or vaunted a purpose, quintessence can no more be stalked and captured than can true love. (Betty Cornfield and Owen Edwards, *Quintessence: The Quality of Having It* [New York: Black Dog & Leventhal Publishers, 1983], 9)

### Wisdom 4

> Success, though not the best or the most accurate, is a sufficiently universal and rough and ready standard of merit. (John Bruce Norton, *The Educational Speeches of the Hon'ble John Bruce Norton, B. A., Patron of Patcheappah's Charities; Advocate General; and Member of the Legislative Council of the Presidency of Madras* [Madras: C. D'Cruiz, 1870], 147)

### Wisdom 5

> In many men the happiness and the virtues of private life condone their public failure. (Maurice Hutton, *Many Minds* [Toronto: Musson Book, 1927], 99)

### Wisdom 6

> Harmony is the basis of the unfallen world. (John B. Broadbent, *Paradise Lost: Introduction* [Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1972], 86)

### Wisdom 7

> The men who have taken the very highest degrees do not always make the best tutors. (Charles Astor Bristed, *Five Years in an English University* [New York: G. P. Putnam, 1852], 149)

### Wisdom 8

> Time is the harshest critic of all. (JD Smith, "JD Smith Interview," interview by Daniel M. Mendoza, ed., in *Stray Dogs: Interviews with Working-Class Writers* [Lutz, FL: Down & Out Books, 2016], 173)

### Wisdom 9

> Laborious man disdains so easy a purchase. (David Hume, *Selected Essays*, ed. Stephen Copley and Andrew Edgar [New York: Oxford University Press, 1996], 86)

### Wisdom 10

> In all this Affluence of my good Fortune, I did not forget that I had been Rich and Poor once already, alternately; and that I ought to know, that the Circumstances I was now in, were not to be expected to last always. ()
